Feature/magento2 409 payment method mapping for m2 (#26)
shopgate/cart-integration-magento2-import: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Mapping for Magento default Cash on Delivery, Invoice and Prepayment payment method
- Mapping for Braintree PayPal payment method

> >>>>>>> develop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Payment mapping is now based on factories
### Added
- Mapping for Braintree CreditCard payment method

> - Mapping for magento default COD, Invoice and prepayment payment method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mapping for Magento default Cash on Delivery, Invoice and Prepayment payment method
```
